[8.x] [DOCS] Update connectors-servicenow.asciidoc DLS limitation (#123865)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/connector/docs/connectors-servicenow.asciidoc

For services other than these defaults, the connector iterates over access controls with `read` operations and finds the respective roles for those services.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The ServiceNow connector applies access control at the service (table) level.
> All documents within a given table inherit the table’s access control settings.

Author: ```suggestion
The ServiceNow connector applies access control at the service (table) level.
This means documents within a given ServiceNow table share the same access control settings.
Users with permission to a table can access all documents from that table in Elasticsearch.
```

For services other than these defaults, the connector iterates over access controls with `read` operations and finds the respective roles for those services.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The ServiceNow connector applies access control at the service (table) level.
> All documents within a given table inherit the table’s access control settings.

Author: ```suggestion
The ServiceNow connector applies access control at the service (table) level.
This means documents within a given ServiceNow table share the same access control settings.
Users with permission to a table can access all documents from that table in Elasticsearch.
```
